the psg avoided the executives of the
Champions League the club
capital falls in the group has in
port company of dynamo kiev and
dinamo zagreb
Parisians can easily claim
play first place in the pool
porto is the most competitor
dangerous the dragons are regulars
of the Champions league but the
teammates of joao moutinho appear
less well armed than the years
previous it displeases a lot of
things maybe just had playing in
rossi in december I have not seen bullshit
a body is difficult I do not know
it's not that it will pass
the losc eye on the 2nd place of the
hen Lille will face the
bayern munich valence and borisov
members are favored by
predictions behind nothing is played the
northerners can thwart
ambitions of the fc valence for that the
rudi garcia men want to lean
on the experience of the past season
it's a good draw
compared to the quality of equipment
to meet is a difficult draw by
compared to 104.7 hen but will do that
works May 8 professional concert
for their first appearance at this
level the Herault are going to rub
arsenal a club where evolves olivier giroud
the former Montpellier who is about to
find the mosson we are proud of
at olympiakos are the other two
teams of group b the opponents at
offensive game that may well be appropriate
to the players of the paillade
no luck for ajax amsterdan two
years after falling in the pool
real madrid and ac milan
the Dutch find the Spaniards
and this time in the group of the
hen of death with manchester city on
borussia dortmund 4 champions clubs in
their respective countries among the five
other group has the most raised seems
to be the chicken of the real madrid is
reigning Spanish champion and nine times
winner of the most prestigious of
cuts from Europe will have a lot to do
the champions of england manchester
city ​​champion of the Netherlands ajax
of amsterdam and the champions of germany
borussia dortmund make up what we
could call the group of death
a priori easier task for the barça
in group g with benfica
lisbon spartak moscow and celtic
glasgow manchester united inherits
also a hen largely to his
scope with galatasaray moves and the
sporting braga qualified in extremis
this week at the expense of udinese